---
layout: post
title: HR 10 is the WRONG CHOICE for American consumers
#meta-title: Let's Go See McCaul
subtitle: CALL TO ACTION -- Tell Michael McCaul to support his constituents and oppose the Financial Choice Act
#meta-description: CALL TO ACTION - February 20th - 24th, 2017
tags: [front,action-alert]
share-img: /img/site-logo-borderless.png
---

CALL TO ACTION Tuesday May 2, 2017

HR 10 is the WRONG CHOICE for American consumers.

The Financial CHOICE Act is scheduled for a markup by the House
Financial Services Committee today. The bill would replace the
protections put in place by Dodd-Frank, including repealing the popular
Durbin amendment which limits the amount banks can charge for accepting
a debit cards. This radical bill would again expose our financial
system to the risky practices that contributed to the Great Recession
of 2008. The legislation severely obstructs the work of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) an agency that has returned nearly
$12 billion to 29 million Americans harmed by the illegal and predatory
actions of financial companies. The bill even specifically exempts
payday and car title lenders from any regulation.

This outrageous bill is being sponsored by Texas representative Jeb
Hensarling who personally accepted at least $7.38 million from
companies regulated by the CFPB. Instead of making it easier for credit
card companies, for-profit colleges, and debt collectors to swindle
American families, congress should focus on protecting hard-working
Americans against dishonest lenders.


## SAMPLE SCRIPT

> Hello, my name is &#95;&#95;&#95;&#95;&#95;&#95;&#95;&#95;&#95; and I
> am a constituent of Congressman McCaul's. I am calling to ask the
> Congressman to stand with American families and against predatory
> lenders and oppose House Resolution 10. The protections that this bill
> repeals are crucial for protecting me, the American people, and our
> economy against dishonest financial companies.

## CONTACT INFO:

**Rep. Michael McCaul**\\
D.C. office: (202) 225-2401\\
Austin office: (512) 473-2357\\
Katy office: (281) 398-1247\\
Tomball office: (281) 255-8372\\
Brenham office: (979) 830-8497

## ADDITIONAL RESOURCES

* [LETTER TO CONGRESS OPPOSING FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT 2.0](http://www.uspirg.org/resources/usp/letter-congress-opposing-financial-choice-act-20)


**#StandIndivisible**
